Project #8 - Submission form

Please fill in this form and submit it with your project #8.

Enter no more than 5 user stories that you did for the assignment that you would like to be
graded on. For each story include the following information:

Story number and name: 1. Extended user profile with usage
Story points: 3
Brief description to see the story in action:
Click on any user in the user list side bar to see that user's details,
which include the user's info, most recent, and most commented photos. Clicking
on these thumbnails will lead you to the user's photo album where the picture lives.

Story number and name: 5. Deleting Comments, Photos, and users
Story points: 4
Brief description to see the story in action:
You can delete photos in your photo album by clicking the delete photo button below each
photo in the list. You can delete your own comments on any photo by clicking the small x 
next to each of the comments. You can also delete your own account by clicking the Delete Me
button in the top toolbar. All your photos and comments on other people's photos will be 
deleted as well. 

Story number and name: 7. Favorite list of photos for users
Story points: 6
Brief description to see the story in action: 
You can favorite photos in your photo album by clicking the star button in the picture and 
to unfavorite click this button again. Once you've favorited some photos you can click the 
Favorites button in the top toolbar and you will be taken to /favorites where all your fav
pictures live. You can click on the photo for an enlarged image view and timestamp popup. You can also
remove favorites in /favorites view by clicking the x button in the bottom left corner of the thumbnail.

Total Story Points: 13

Marketing Video URL (ensure permissions are set to public viewing): https://youtu.be/w5u3NPbYiTk

Is it OK with you if we post your Marketing Video URL on the class discussion forum? Yes

Any special instructions for Grading (should be easy to run app from new machine): None
